This typology if PC one sends a broadcast way will it go so what will happen if we put this PC into
a separate Villon will broadcast be forwarded out of this port and this port.
So which one has no configuration at the moment.
So show MAC Address table we can see that a source MAC address was lent on could give it to 0 1 and
this MAC address was learnt on gigabit 00.
In other words the switch to back to the router as well as the ostinato device sending synthetic or
generated frames show Villon brief at the moment we only have the default villans gigabit 0 1 belongs
to villaine one.
So create a villain to and then go on to give it to 0 1 and top switch port access a villain to to put
that port into villain to show interface gigabit zero or one switch port.
This port is now in the land too.
We have moved to the PC into a separate LAN.
So what I'll do is stop Austria Nada and then started again.
So we're still generating frames.
These are broadcast frames that are being generated.
Do we see any traffic on that interface no broadcasts to being received on the interface.
What about the interface.
Again no broadcasts from the PC are being received even though the PC is sending the broadcasts
because the switch has been configured with villans broadcasts received on this interface are not forwarded
out of gigabit to 0 2 0 0 0 because they are in separate villans.
But if we configured gigabit 00 as a trunk so we use the command switch port trunk encapsulation daat
one key switch port mode trunk.
What would happen now would broadcast be forwarded on that port.
So show interface could give it to 00 switch port it's configured for trunking.
It's operating as a trunk.
We can see that by tapping show interface trunk.
So gigabit 00 has been manually configured as a trunk would broadcast before it across that port.
So this is the why shock capture on could give it a 0 0 0 from the switch to give it as 0 0 on the router.
And as you can see broadcast frames are being sent they are being put in TV land too.
In other words they are tagged with added to the one Q tag too because the traffic was sent on a port
in the land too.
So this port is an Access Port Vila and to them this is a trunk port.
So on the trunk port they are tagged with the land too but broadcasts are being forwarded to the router.
The router however will not forward those broadcasts on.
So even if we can figure out the router as a rod on the stick it would still not forward the frame's.
So at the moment if it is 0 0 is configured with an IP address but even if we get the following and
topped encapsulation top 1 Q and specified violent to
broadcast would not be received by the router but the router would not forward them on even if we configured
an IP address of let's say 10 1 20 to 5 4 on that interface because routers don't forward broadcasts
by default.
So I've got this IP address configured on gigabit to 0 0 2 but if we do a capture on this interface
what you'll notice is no broadcasts are being forwarded on because road block broadcasts by default
have be found to this very useful if it's been of benefit to you please like it and please subscribe
to my YouTube channel.
I wish you all the very best.